Finish multiscale API (#404)
JuliaDynamics/ComplexityMeasures.jl: docs/src/multiscale.md

# Multiscale

## Introduction

Multiscale complexity analysis is pervasive in the nonlinear time series analysis
literature. Although their names, like "refined composite multiscale dispersion entropy",  
might seem daunting, they're actually conceptually very simple. A multiscale complexity

> measure is just any regular [`InformationMeasure`](@ref) or [`ComplexityEstimator`](@ref)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
measure is just any regular complexity measure
```

> computed on several gradually more coarse-grained variants of the input data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
computed on several gradually more coarse-grained samplings of the input data
```

([example](@ref multiscale_example)).

> We've generalized this type of analysis to work with any information measure, discrete or
> differential, and to any other type of complexity measure we implement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've generalized this type of analysis to work with complexity measure that can 
be estimated with ComplexityMeasures.jl.
```

## Multiscale API

The multiscale API is defined by the functions

- [`multiscale`](@ref)
- [`multiscale_normalized`](@ref)
- [`downsample`](@ref)

which dispatch any of the [`MultiScaleAlgorithm`](@ref)s listed below.

```@docs

> MultiScaleAlgorithm
> RegularDownsampling
> CompositeDownsampling
> downsample
> multiscale
> multiscale_normalized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
multiscale
multiscale_normalized
MultiScaleAlgorithm
RegularDownsampling
CompositeDownsampling
downsample
```

```

> ## Available literature methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Example literature methods
```
